docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/radio-button.md

  }
}, true);
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> The Radio Button element is assigned `role="radio"` and can include a `checked` state. Assistive technology users ascertain the purpose that a radio button serves through its accessible name, which is computed from the visual label or aria-label property. The radio state programmatically updates to match its visual state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radio Button element is assigned `role="radio"` and can include a `checked` state. Assistive technology users ascertain the purpose that a radio button serves through its accessible name, which is computed from the visual label or `aria-label` attribute. The radio state programmatically updates to match its visual state. 
```

The `role="radiogroup"` or `role="group"` should be used to associate the element’s grouping with its group label. 
### Notes for developers

> `ef-radio-button` handles role and aria value but for radio group, you need to assign `role="radiogroup"` by yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ef-radio-button` handles `role` and `aria-checked` attributes but for radio group, you need to assign `role="radiogroup"` by yourself.
```
